[DOC-253] Backlinks from docs to blog - week of Feb 29 (#21293)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/learn/transactions/acid-transactions-ysql.md

    At this point, the application should reconnect to the server.

{{<tip>}}

> For more details on how to handle failures and retry, see [Transaction retries](../transactions-retries-ysql/), and to build resilient applications that are prepared to recover from failures quickly, see [Designing a Retry Mechanism for Resilient Spring Boot Applications](https://www.yugabyte.com/blog/retry-mechansim-spring-boot-app/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to handle failures and retry, see [Transaction retries](../transactions-retries-ysql/).

For an example application and try it out yourself, see [Designing a Retry Mechanism for Resilient Spring Boot Applications](https://www.yugabyte.com/blog/retry-mechansim-spring-boot-app/).
```
